Feature: spago script (#712)
purescript/spago: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> Breaking changes:
> 
> - Deprecate `-d` flag for `deps-only` - instead only support `--deps-only` long form
> - Switch to using `-d` for specifying dependencies within `spago repl`
> 
> New Features:
> 
> - Add `spago script` command. It can be used to run standalone PureScript files as scripts
> 
> Other Improvements:
> 
> - `spago repl` will no longer create a (mostly unused) full project skeleton in a temporary directory when a config is not found

Reviewer: Small style adjustments:
```suggestion
Breaking changes (😱!!!):
- **Deprecate `-d` flag for `deps-only` (#712)** - instead only support the `--deps-only` long form
- **Switch from `-D` to `-d` as shorthand for specifying dependencies within `spago repl` (#712)**

New features:
- Add `spago script` command. It can be used to run standalone PureScript files as scripts (#712, #683)

Other improvements:
- `spago repl` will no longer create a (mostly unused) full project skeleton in a temporary directory when a config is not found (#712)
```
